Info
A criminal mastermind who goes by "The Professor" has a plan to pull off the biggest heist in recorded history -- to print billions of euros in the Royal Mint of Spain. To help him carry out the ambitious plan, he recruits eight people with certain abilities and who have nothing to lose.
First episode date: 2 May 2017
Language: Spanish
Composer(s): Manel Santisteban; Iván Martínez Lacámara
Genres: Crime film, Heist, Thriller


Money Heist
2017 ‧ Drama ‧ 2 seasons
Description
8.4/10
IMDb
91%
Rotten Tomatoes
97% liked this TV show



berlin
Full name
Andrés de Fonollosa Gonzalves
Title(s)
Robber
Heist Planner
legend

Not much is known about Berlin’s early life. It is known that his mother had a relation with another man which resulted in the birth of his half brother, the Professor. Before the events of the series, he was diagnosed with Helmer’s Myopathy.

Before joining the Robbers of The Royal Mint of Spain, Berlin was a jewel thief, with twenty-seven robberies to his name of jewelry stores, auction houses, and armored vehicles. His biggest theft, before the Royal Mint of Spain, was 434 diamonds in Champs-Élysées, Paris.

Somewhere in his life, he was recruited by his half brother to be the leader of the “greatest robbery ever”. He was trained in various things along with his fellow robbers, and he learned all the details of the heist.





professor

Full name
Sergio Marquina
Alias
The Professor
Salvador 'Salva' Martín

Sergio Marquina, better known as The Professor, is one of the main characters in the Netflix series Money Heist, portrayed by actor Álvaro Morte.
He was the mastermind responsible for organizing the Royal Mint of Spain robbery and later oversaw the robbery of the Bank of Spain, which had been planned by Berlin. A cunning architect, he was able to control the entirety of the heist from behind the scenes, playing with the police and constantly tricking them into doing exactly what he wanted them to do.

Under the false identity of Salvador "Salva Martín, he was able to get closer to the lead inspector assigned to the Royal Mint robbery, Raquel Murillo, and the pair eventually fell in love. Raquel then joins the gang by the name "Lisbon". The first heist in Royal Mint of Spain was actually his father's plan, who was also a robber. He got shot by the police during one of his heist. The second heist in Bank of Spain was his brother's plan(Berlin).

